ki moon visit to madrid ki moon went well
come to another video of a nursery in the
channel introduction got strep hi guys
I'm here on the initials server where
dont scareware your mig on the project but it is
a very cool mini game I recommend
rather you play on it caná
Can someone tell me what's born punched
I do not wanna hear a bank
with the coordinator of my life
a korean air anata let's stop saying
countries and we will start this
fuck how many videos are here venus are
12 I do not know that they are more toasted than
we pack our little break and to
Whoever played Star Wars is
basically so you are born an island
really crazy really
and she has to make some resources to
You collect in case it crashed for me.
because it sucks to play like that
floating life anyway and has the middle is
an island very well well apart
away from here but I have some
that these ships
I'm going to go to the polls
jajá and as he had said if he was born with
some good resources fucking gay
even because roses here are pink and that is
Kind of strange but this will help you
long of the party is because I'm going to collect
some woods here she will come to me
to help I just did not
he did not transport from europe to help me
transport me to other islands
neighbors to get their items
and getting out of the next phase I'm going
break the serve to turn a micron
just stone blackmail
but I do not have that pick there
this server will have to sign up for
who wants to play scareware is a mini
game between several that have on this server
It's very good and if you like it already
let your you that this is something very
legal and that is missing a lot in the
videos
I think I'm going to have to do it all.
It turned out sony my father from your sky father
die out of shape up yet another layer here
down
my god this guy has been winning end
Here, I do not know what's happening.
It seems that there is a neighbor of mine who
bothering is a dog from my
neighbor also bothering me is super
normal at neighbors house
How much ore is here?
I know where I'm going old ores
where we have 88 already guarantees us a
iron pectoralis but was not a
pectoral make a poll of bauchi
This is not the hole I have won.
afraid I'll make a pick and mine
sword and I'm going to leak from here because
Lugano confident trust in this place it
It's floating I do not like height
as long as I'm not afraid I do not like
Do not be afraid of height, then, if you
You want to kill me, you do not care.
play somewhere because I'm not going
be afraid I will survive the long
distance does not let the pee going
pack in the nike tournament very close I
I'll stay here and play
Someone tries to kill me, I'll be there.
sure not even
even if he wants to be suspicious I'm not going
I need to finish the dream for me until
because I have a lot of land and can not
ignore that I have to be a guy who
does not have a bow
Yes I can not have a thousand bow
the law of physics do not
seven years because this can be the
your last time you will see a milestone
Let me ask you to go and give me a
arrowed on it
I will not pretend you do not have flash with it
there the wolf valley and I have to have a
country quickly cover
My god, what a scare, I thought I was going to
Dying now, but how are you?
has a bow that me
I will do here never paid before
this guy come in here quickly and
try to assassinate me
Look how's it selling, and the whore.
There is a backpack
already the right account of a good part
Let's go back here because with
sure must have a guy over there
I think the right staircase should not be forgotten.
to do to not remember I remembered
if I had not remembered I would not speak
What to do then I remembered that we have a
pants now I have to catch you know that
who has to catch you do not know
You do not know because I know you do not.
I need block block would be
very variable thing is that you do not
I'm going to the sound, this is me, I'm done.
to wake up and should not have recorded it
because your mental state does not
whether he was not recording but I
I have to post video that the eighth I
I'm sleeping all day, you lose
life routine that I'm a hobo and
I did not pass my course
I spoke is ready or know now that is
happening you know what you are
happening in my life now you
I hope jesus the sound to click on
detail naughty I'm going to go to the other
island so it is going to another between that
it's less dangerous and I do not think it's
I do not know if it's dangerous but I
I hope it is not because I am a
mere boy wanting to win a match
decayed hors well well well variable me may
it is burning that the variable varies 2001
I am between life and death and neither am I
I'm the strongest guy from here because I
I have a Jairon sword that is in
few people have no life
This has not already arrived there so I'm
Chipped its shape to the position and the
military did not fall though some time
but this will not interest you for life